---
title: "Montana State University Humor"
date: "2003-09-10"
---

This was in the "Potty Press" last year. Unfortunately, they don't update the website last year, so I can't post any of the new stuff yet.

haha.

Well, it was a quiet week here in Lake Bozbegone, my current home town, on the edge of the mountains. The students are just getting back into town from their Spring Break vacations. And you can head on down the Hannon Cafe, and hear Mabel telling about her trip to Mexico, or Bettsy and her exotic adventure to places like Winnepeg. Don’t forget about those who didn’t go anywhere. They can tell the most exciting stories of all. “I stayed here and did a 16 hour shift at Roskie. I can’t believe they paid me to watch movies.” The only thing more exciting than working at Roskie over a vacation is meeting someone who is getting paid by a government agency to let her muscle atrophy. That is wicked cool. It wouldn’t work nearly as well for me, namely because I don’t have a heck of a lot muscle. But, none the less it would be cool. It gave me pause to wonder what else the government would pay people to do. “Here you are sir, we need you to pee into this cup... every hour on the hour. Here is a million dollars.” I realized what my dream job could be. I want to figure out worse case scenarios for companies. I realized this when I wondered what would happen if I didn’t hand in a paper to write an article for a publication. The worst case for that wasn’t nearly as interesting as the one for a major South American Banana Cartel. “Well it can’t be all bad \[you fruit haired lady\]. The worse case scenario is that you can only export your bananas from Ecuador on three 26 ft. sail boats. You can’t travel through the Panama Canal because each boat is 600 ft. wide. You only have one navigator who was blinded in a horrific accident with an electric shaver because he couldn’t read the instructions on the box because he only reads Cantonese and only speaks Latin. He is the only one hired to navigate ‘around the horn’ and the only port that will accept your ‘nanners is the City of Chicago, although the only way to get there is through the St. Lawrence Sea Way and through the lakes... if you fit, and then you can only dock in the City of Big Shoulder’s by pulling in backwards.” That is the worse case scenario. You get a lot of time to think when your VCR melts. Be sure to thank NAFTA for letting you cross either border to spend some money. I’ll get off of my soap box now. Finish strong.
