---
title: "210"
date: "2004-09-18"
---

Update on why I hate alcohol:

1\. Injuries. The residents on my floor have sustained no less than three (3) ankle injuries as a direct result of alcohol. One resident is wheelchair bound after severely spraining both ankles (and his need to continue consuming alcohol is in no way improving his health). Another of my residents also sprained his ankle and required the use of crutches for about a week. Not to mention all of the other effects that alcohol could have on your body: liver damage, blood pressure changes, cancer risks, etc, etc, death. Although the 11th Floor Infirmary has been somewhat humorous to me, I don't see how the need for alcohol overpowers your concern for health.

2\. Money. Last weekend one of my residents was issued not one, not two, but three tickets from the Bozeman Police Department. Evidently, he didn't even know he had received them until the next morning. I believe his drunken actions didn't fall inside the boundaries of the law and he paid the price. I don't know how much the paperwork will cost him, but it won't be cheap (near $1000, I'm guessing).

3\. Run-ins with the Law. I frequently hear about residents who "run away" from the cops or are forced to hide for several hours in order to avoid getting caught. One of my residents who is a semi-frequent heavy drinker is on MIP probation, yet still pushes her limits and has several narrow misses in the past weeks. All of the drinkers give the Police a bad wrap for closing parties or pursuing underage alcohol violations, but they are just doing their jobs. I would like to think that people would get a clue that what they're doing isn't legal and the Police need to enforce the laws. Evidently, people don't have a clue.

4\. Humiliation/Self-Degradation. What could compel someone to engage in an activity that could quite possible result in them passing out, doing something they might regret, or simply not remembering what happened? Alcohol does make 'getting aciton' much easier, but that's almost like cheating. I hear stories about what people have done during/after a night of drinking and I wonder why they continue to drink. They laugh at themselves and say "What was I thinking?" Well, YOU WEREN'T. There are many better ways to occupy your evenings by doing something fun that (Bonus!) you can REMEMBER the next day.

Alcohol, when not taken seriously, is stupid.

I have talked with some people who drink that mostly agree with me, and I appreciate them being aware of all these risks and not binge drinking like there's no tomorrow.

If you don't agree with me, I suggest you seriously review your personal policy on alcohol. If you still don't agree with me, you're an idiot.

Thus, my Friday night of being on call and dealing with stupid drunk freshman begins.

On a lighter note, my 9800XT will be here in less than a week, and Half-Life 2 will be here before November (hopefully). w00t.
