---
title: "Re:"
date: "2004-02-06"
---

I bought my first pair of skis. They are cross country skis, but they schus nonetheless. $190 for nice new skis, bindings, poles, and boots. Way better than the $84 I'd have to pay to rent skis for about 27 hours over the semester for my cc skiing class. (haha)

I am in the process of applying to be an RA here next year. I figure it'll be a fun experience, and then I will get paid to go to school. Kinda nice.

I ate baklava today while Leif and I did a kick-arse job of facilitation \*another\* discussion of The Odyssey for Texts and Critics.

Maybe my Pro/Engineer Wildfire software will finally get shipped after some detective work by myself and dad.

Ty is walking on to the football team. Three times a week he has to wake up at 5:30 to go and practice across campus. I should go run while he practices, but I haven't motivated myself to do so yet.

Which ties into the next statement: Call of Duty is a really sweet game. Having a LAN server literally 150 feet away from my computer is sweeter. "Why is your ping so low?" "Heh heh heh."

Don, I taught myself (a little help from Tuan was needed) how to fold a paper crane!

And mom sent me Mr. Gumby Chocolate Brains and Chocolate Dead Parrots. I had quite a laugh after opening the package. "My brain hurts!"

It snowed today.

I was so busy with stuff this week I wasn't able to go skiing on Wednesday, my designated ski day. (First and only class is at 5 pm) Boo

I am going to leave AIM on for as long as possible. Right now, I've been online for about a day and a half. I foresee leaving it on for at least a month.

The end.

I'm going to sleep.
