---
title: "215"
date: "2004-10-06"
---

So,

The following is the gruesome account of how Lee fixed his computer.

The baby was in a sad state of affairs - it wouldn't even POST (beep after boot or anything). Everything would turn on, but the motherboard detected something wrong and unfixable and just decided to sit, idling, with nothing on the monitor. Basically dead in the water.

So, I surf. I surf like never before. I think I've read every forum post about an ASUS motherboard boot problem. After about 4 hours, I realized that the problem lied in a small chip in the motherboard that is its brain before the hard drive starts to be accessed. This little chip is called the BIOS chip. Screw it up, and you're screwed. There are ways to reset it, but I tried all of those methods and about 12x10^12 other methods and nothing worked. So, I began to lean towards buying a new chip. There is one seller of BIOS chips, but I didn't trust them so much. My last option was resorting to ASUS, and having them send me a replacement chip. All through this time I was working with Jonathan Moses, the RA below me, who is a computer geek (met him at a LAN last year) and has a system nearly identical to mine. I had been using his monitor and working computer as a resource while my computer lied in pieces on his floor. He has the exact same mobo as me. I had read on a few forums about the technique of 'hotflashing,' but dismissed it as a last last resort. About this time, I was down to said resort. Hotflashing is probably the quickest, but riskiest solution to my problem. It requires using another mobo of the same variety to fix the broken chip. So, after some persuasion and trips to Radio Shack, I was ready to attempt the procedure. Here's how it went down. I took my dead chip from my computer and put it in a anti-static bag. I then booted his computer with a bootable floppy disk with some BIOS flashing utilities on it. Once the computer was running from the floppy drive in DOS, the BIOS chip was no longer being used. So, WHILE THE COMPUTER IS ON, I take the BIOS chip out of the mobo and replace it with mine. Then, I use the BIOS flashing utilities to flash the BIOS and make my chip be unstupid. I turn off the computer, replace chips again, cross my fingers a lot, and boot my computer. I told Moses if my comp beeps I would go crazy. After a few seconds, I hear a beep and started to scream and jumped around. My crazy risky Dr. Frankenstein computer fix worked! So, my computer is up and running and begging for the Radeon 9800XT that I should be getting this week sometime, and HL2.

w00t.
