---
title: "yh"
date: "2004-03-01"
---

Dang. I've been thinking of all the cool suff I can post. So I'll do it bit by bit.

On my mind now is what happened last friday afternoon during my **cross country skiing** class.

So the class is winding down, and our awesome teacher decides that we should play some football ultimate with our skis on. Me and Leif took on the 2 girls and Heather, the teacher. We won. By a lot. But everyone had a good time. Then we have some slalom races, fun as well. Then we take a ski, deciding to ski the "Kiddy Kilometer." After that short jaunt, we find ourselves looking at a pristine snow-covered meadow thinking it would be cool to ski over there. So we did. The rest of the afternoon was spent skiing the backcountry behind the Bohart Ranch Trails. It was quite awesome and a good way to review our skiing technique. But that's not the coolest part. We stop short of a slight uphill grade to chill and talk about whatever. Out of nowhere, this snowboarder appears and nearly plows into Molly, one of the girls in the class. We are almost as stunned by the snowboarder as he is by us. After the shock, we exchange the usual "How's it going, etc" and go off on our separate ways. We ski along a little more, until we reach a road. We look down the road to see where it leads, and we see the snowboarder's truck. Next to the truck is this huge jump that was obviously made there for jumping purposes. You can see where this is going.

The snowboarder has been climbing up the hill next to the jump, speeding back down and hitting the jump, and **jumping over the road!**

We were amazed by this, and skiied back down to get a good vantage point of this spectacle. After a few minutes of hiking, we hear our hero shuushing down the hill, and stare, jaws agape, as he flies about 15 feet over the road to a perfect landing on the slope where we had previously had the run-in with him. Simply amazing. I always thought that was something only seen in the extreme videos, but I have been disproven.

A-mazing.

LOTR ROTK kicks arse.
