---
title: "The Weekend."
date: "2006-06-14"
---

The weekend... was awesome.  Went up to Cascade in driving rain, generally bummed about the gloomy prospects of canoeing on Saturday.  Had fun at the casa de Will on Friday night and Saturday, enjoying good food and lots of fun family members.  At noon we surveyed some flooding damage (lots) over at Will's sister's house, and a crazy idea began to hatch.

We have canoes, and there's lots of water.

So, a few hours later, we're setting a canoe into a raging torrent of a creek with Ben, Megan, and Heather downstream to document evidence/laugh at us.  That lasted all of about 45 seconds.  We survived one set of 'rapids' (water rushing around a boulder or tree or some shit) and then came into the second one at an angle.  It rolled us and we got wet.  ME in my infinite wisdom held on to the canoe in a vain attempt to save it, while it dragged my legs through a veritable gauntlet of rocks and whatnot.  I look back and faintly see Will yelling, so I ditch the canoe (hopping over it because it was now somehow upstream of me) and throw myself onto the bank.  Except the bank was an island.  So here I sit, nearly numb, halfheartedly (and not very convincingly) signaling that I was alright to Megan and Heather on the other bank.  I crouched there, conserving heat, for a while, until the rest of the crew showed up.  I saw Ben coming and told everyone to tell him that I broke my leg.  Then I fell over limp in a good broken leg act.  I let Ben watch me in horror for what seemed like a long time, then stood up with a smile.  That was funny.  Will brought a rope - first he throws it over, I grab it and brace myself to help Will come across.  I thought he was coming over so we could jump back in the water and go get the canoe.  That would have been stupid, and he was coming over to 'help me.'  That was a silly idea anyway.  The deep part of the torrent was on his side of the creek, so the rope came back to me, and I inched my way in the water toward the bank.  Once I went in, Will ran at a diagonal to 'swing' me towards the bank.  That may have helped, but I think the driving force of me getting to the side was a colossal desire to get out of the frigid water.  I found myself on the bank, cursing the water and our idea of a good time.  But it was fun as hell.
