---
title: "Weekend"
date: "2006-06-27"
---

Friday night - watched some Indiana Jones with Megan

Saturday - Brunch with Shawn, Heather, Megan, and Kirsten, who is moving in with Jen.  Sausage, eggs, fruit salad, rhubarb muffins.  Delicious, especially the eggs cooked by moi.  Then we packed up and went out to the Madison along with 2985289 other people.  Rented tubes and coordinated cars and finally we floated away at around 3.  Megan's tube from home was the perfect size for about an 8 year old, which was amusing.  We tossed the frisbee for about 5 minutes and then just made a big tube island and dozed off.  Every once in a while we'd drag against the bottom ("Retract asses!") or hit a rock or something fun like that.  Finally got done around 6:30 or 7 or so and headed back into town.  Walked to Casa Sanchez and ate outside, in the backyard of the concubine.  We tackled the rest of Indiana Jones that night.

Sunday, Moses, Jeremy, Rob Buff, Lance and I went up near Deer Lodge to someone's land to shoot gophers.  We had 3 .22s, Lance's M96, and Moses' .308.  I toted around a .22 for a while, during which no gophers decided to poke out, sadly.  The day was, in general, a bust, but I took plenty of shots at flowers and anthills and other random junk, just because reloading the magazine was fun.  Stopped at Moses' mom's place in Helena on the way back, and then got together with the crew for some dinner action at Heather's.  Me and Ben went to Dairy Queen and got some cream of ice, and brought a blizzard back to Megan at Cheever.

No more French.  Full time work.  yay? Finis.
