---
title: "on to Barcelona"
date: "2007-06-07"
categories: 
  - "lee-in-europe"
---

Today we woke up, surveyed the breakfast scene, and were less impressed than we were the morning before, so we started looking for a grocery store, which we found down the street not 50 feet. €10 worth of food guaranteed us to last well into the day. Breakfast of chocolate pain, pamplemousse (Dutch) juice, and some waffles filled us up. We hit the Paris metro one more time to Gare Lyon to catch the TGV (!) train to Narbonne. Got on without incident, and the 5 hour trip began. Typical train ride, with French countryside zipping by at a much faster rate. Too bad there wasn´t a display to show how fast we were going; it was certainly above 150 mph. We got off at Narbonne and awaited the next train, due in about 2 hours. We passed the time by searching out the importatnt lunch/dinner component of meat. After practicing my poor french on a Brit, I hiked to a _marche_ and got some sausage and pate. Lunch was served in the fine facilities of the outside of the Narbonne train station. We saw our Barcelona-bound train get closer and closer to the top of the departure board, with no track posted, only _Supprime_. What does that mean? Delayed? Waiting for a track to pull into? Nope. Canceled. They up and cancelled the train, out of nowhere. So now there´s tons of people wanting to get to Barcelona stranded in Narbonne. The rumors and my English eavesdropping start building: a bus to Figueras, a train to Parpignon, no connection to Barcelona, and on and on. Where are we going to sleep? France? Spain? Under a tree or in the station? We made lots of friends really quickly - some Brits, Kiwis, and plenty of Americans and Canadians with packs like us. We got on a train to Parpignon, just north of the Spanish border. The main rumor was that French rail was on strike and refused to go into Spain - whatever. From here, the crowd grew waiting for a bus into Spain. At sight of the bus, the crowd started moving really quickly. Since we had no rush, we let the crazed crowd jostle for spots as we waited on the promised second bus, which showed up in about 10 minutes. Supposedlu, we´d be missing the Figueras-Barcelona connection on the second bus - whatever. We get on the bus, with plenty of room, making more friends from Michigan State, Vancouver, and New Zealand. We pull into Figueras, and the first bus is right in front of us! The whole mob is at a new train station. The train rolls in, and our group heads to a lonely part of the platform and claims a whole car. The ride in to Barcelona was really fun. This hostel, HelloBCN, is awesome. Brand new place catering to backpackers and has all kinds of great offerings. This will be fun.
