---
title: "New Ride"
date: "2008-07-27"
---

A few weeks ago, after talking about bikes at work, a coworker said he'd give me his old cycle. It had been involved in a tragic crash rendering it just out of service, and rather than repairing it back to a ridable state, my friend splurged on a nice new bike. So, one day after work, we made the handoff and the vintage late 80s Schwinn model 564 was officially mine. As I mentioned, it needed some repair work. The rear derailleur, normally attached to the frame at a threaded hole in a tab of the frame ('hanger'), had stripped out and was easily removable. To make matters worse, the hanger was bent out of vertical at a fairly significant angle. After some research, I found that this wasn't as uncommon as I thought it might have been; there are many different repair options waiting for me to buy online. The most common method was a simple threaded insert, easily installed by boring out the existing hole in the frame. Like a helicoil, the insert provides a new set of threads, and a shoulder on one end keeps it in place after tightening down the derailleur. The bent hanger worried me, though. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to handle that part of the repair with my limited tools.

I finally remembered to load the bike in the car one morning and after work that day, I went to the local cycle shop, where the owner (much to my surprise) dropped what he was doing, carefully bent the hanger back with a specialized tool, and sold me an insert to repair the hole. He wasn't sure about the bending job; since it was fairly out of line, he worried that he might break the thin aluminum. I think my words of encouragement went something like, "well, right now I have a broken bike. If this doesn't work, I'll still have a broken bike." My lack of a potential loss being established, the metal cooperated and the hanger bent right back into place. Let's not think about what might happen to other parts of a ductile aluminum frame should I run into any mailboxes or the like.

Armed with the insert, I borrowed a drill from my bike benefactor and set out to finish the repair job. I worked in my 'backyard,' the green space outside my back porch that has a spectacular view of the street and the new apartment unit being built. Using a newspaper to catch the aluminum chips, I bored the new hole, eyeballing the drill straight. I suspect the insert wasn't made with the tightest tolerances, as the finish was not smooth and it took quite a bit of 'detail' work with the drill to enlarge the hole. I'd force the insert in a bit, note where the most interference was, and use the drill to remove some material near there. After what seemed like an hour doing this, I finally was able to shove the insert all the way through. I tightened the derailleur on, unravelled the chain from an odd series of bends, and placed it on the sprockets. Ecstatic at this point, I started cautiously riding it in the parking lot, slowly increasing speed as I ensured I wouldn't get tossed, reassuring myself about the quality of the repair. I think I rode about four miles that day, in Carhartt pants covered in bike grease.

I decided I would hold off on riding until I got a helmet. I found one for cheap on Amazon and ordered it the next day. I should have done more research; I ordered from West Virginia and the shipping took forever. Finally this Monday it came in. I rode another four miles that afternoon, midway through making the discovery of how to make the speedometer work - the pickup on the frame, moved an eighth inch closer to the magnet on the spokes, made the difference from no readout to 'I can see how fast I'm going!' When I first got the bike, my friend had mentioned 'Oh, and I don't know what's wrong with the speedometer, either. It used to work'

So now, the possiblities are endless. I feel like I'm about 7 years old to be this excited about a bike. On Tuesday I rode to the park with all my soccer gear in a bag on my back. Albertson's, Wal-Mart, and Safeway are all within biking distance. Eventually, I'll get a small repair kit to be confident in making longer rides, like to work and back. This is really exciting. Let's go ride bikes.
