---
title: "Life is weird."
date: "2021-01-24"
---

Life just feels weird. I'm not sure why. Not that I'm questioning whether or not it should feel weird. There are myriad reasons it should feel weird. I'm just left questioning the root cause of the weirdness. And with that, questioning when, or if, the weirdness will ever melt away. Will I ever return to a time of un-weirdness, or will I just become accustomed to the weirdness and adjust my scale of weird accordingly?

There are plenty of potential weirdness causes. Of course, the global pandemic raging tops that list. But I'd be doing myself a disservice allowing that to stand as a single potential cause. The pandemic has set off a ton of other major changes in my life that can stand alone as other potential causes.

First would have to be the sudden switch to working from home, rather than commuting to an office for work. As that day in March gets further in the rearview, the suddenness of the switch is becoming less of a weirdness factor. I'm struggling to remember what it was like working in the office. Even the proximity of home and work life, the two worlds blending together, is not as weird as it once was. I seem to have gotten some semblance of a routine and personal rules organized to carve out a difference between working from home and homing from work. I think I can say that the dramatic shift to working from home is no longer the source of weirdness it once was.

So the next potential cause? Social distancing. The protective measures we've put in place to limit the spread of the virus. What was once a funny quirk, something that everyone laughed about at the grocery store or in other public places, seems to have solidified as a assumed reflex. The aversion to being close to other humans is now instinctual and normal. Taking a step away from that aversion and examining it as 'normal' now seems deeply weird. I hope that our nature as social beings will help correct that once this virus scourge is banished, but I fear that because of the duration of this experience, it will take a while to return to a sense of comfort in close quarters with strangers.

In the midst of the pandemic, in the height of the initial scare, we were well into our plan of selling the Seattle townhome and finding a new home to purchase. Keeping the townhome didn't make sense for us, and pausing the sale wasn't considered an option even when all in-person real estate business was shut down for a few wild days. Home buying and the initial stages of prepping the house for moving was even stranger. Those weekends on the ferry being one of just a few cars on the boat. Hardly meeting any new neighbors out of fears of potential transmission vectors. That we weirdness hasn't worn off; it's still difficult to feel like a member of the community without having met some of our nearest neighbors.

And despite having endured this weirdness for nearly a year now, it's still difficult to see an end in sight. Our local case counts are the highest they've ever been. We still don't know our neighbors. Thousands of countrymen die every day, and it's hardly news anymore. We're becoming numb to the weirdness. Yes, vaccinations are happening, and we've even had some in our family, thank heaven. But it's hard to have any confidence in a nationwide strategy to vaccinate our way to herd immunity with any urgency. And so the weirdness continues, ad infinitum.
